Dad Group's stock market rallied
My Liu family is finished
Your mother was abusive
The world's public opinion has been recruited
No one can save you, who did this bastard offend?
Late Night Night Lord
Yes, I grew a pair of longan
I, I, I, Liu Jie, Ben Shuai is the most famous person in my Liu family
I beg you to give me that magic medicine
Please save my mother
I was wrong, I was full of nonsense, I did it on purpose
Wang Qian has been relying on me for a few days
Please, did you really save my sister Liu?
I gave you a chance
Why didn't you tell me all this earlier?
If you tell me we can't get a divorce
We are still family
I told you.
Do you believe it? Would you rather trust a stranger?
Neither want to
Trust a hotel that has been by your side for three years
Let's start over, shall we?
gorgeous
I know who I am makes you feel bad
But what about them?
Aren't they taking advantage of your status as a great doctor?
Do you think they really like you?
You are wrong, they are also for the benefit of teachers and apprentices
Extract your value
They'll kick you away
Your food
They won't let you touch a finger
Dear, since you can't remarry
Then who are you with who won't be gossiped about?
This is the key card of Genting Tiangong
I'll wait for you tonight
If you want to open a room, it is also with me.
You can't leave.
You go
Golden invitation letter
Take it as my last gift to the Wang family
From today on, our well water will not break the river water
My sister is sick just in time for physical maintenance.
The rhythm has changed, let's go
Husband must come tonight.
Husband is waiting for you
Fight with Su Qing'er, this hoof
It's enough of a headache
But don't let out a willow like smoke
A sentence to the outside world
Ruyan, I think you may be mistaken.
The person who saved you was not Yueyan at all
What you said is the real Yueyan
You wait for me.
I will contact Old Man Zhang now.
You and your sister will both die